- **How long should I wait for a response?** While the standard and short-form PNT administration rules (Roach et al., 1996; Walker and Schwartz 2012) allow examinees up to 30 seconds to respond to each item, studies for the PNT-CAT short forms (Fergadiotis et al., 2019; Hula et al., 2020) allowed only 10 seconds.
- **When can I download the data?** You can download results after the first (non-practice) item has been scored in case you need to end the test early. 
- **I entered the wrong response. Can I go back and fix it?** While you cannot go back to a previous item, you can download the results at the end of the test, revise the scoring for any items, and re-upload the file under the offline testing function to re-estimate the final score. 
- **What if I need to take a break?**  For the Standard PNT, examinees are often allowed a break between items #88 (tractor”) and #89 (queen) if necessary. If running the app locally, the app can be left running. However, if you are using the web/browser-based version of the app, it will time-out after 10 minutes of non-use. Therefore, for the free online version, it is best to end the test and download data. When you are ready to continue, you can upload the downloaded file (unmodified!) on this page to continue the test. Make sure to make the same test administration selections. See <a href="https://aphasia-apps.github.io/pnt/articles/articles/pnt.html" target="_blank">the application website</a> for instructions on running the app locally. In general, we recommend this option for administrations of the 175-item PNT and for reserach studies.
- **Should I audio record the test?** It is generally recommended that examiners audio record testing sessions to preserve responses for later review, as was recommended in the standard PNT instructions. 
- **The standard PNT instructions suggest giving the examinee feedback after a response, should I do this?** Giving feedback after each response may lead to undesired item learning if repeated administrations of the same items are anticipated (e.g. re-administering the standard PNT175). Studies for the PNT-CAT did not provide feedback. However, for situations where items will not be re-adminsitered (e.g. PNT-CAT30 and PNT-CAT VL), whether to give feedback is up to the discretion of the clinician.