**PNT-CAT30: 30-item Computer Adaptive Version (Fergadiotis et al., 2019):** This test adaptively administers 30 items, beginning with an item targeting average naming ability. Items are selected to provide the maximum reduction in the standard error of measurement based on the cumulative responses collected. Score estimates from the PNT-CAT30 correlated 0.95 with scores from the full PNT and are suitable for estimating the overall severity of anomia in persons with aphasia. Change in naming ability can be assessed using a subsequent PNT-CAT30 or Variable Length PNT-CAT. Average administration time: 8-9 Minutes. 

**PNT-30A, PNT-30B: 30-item static short forms A & B (Walker & Schwartz, 2012):** These are two static 30-item PNT short forms with non-overlapping items. The two short forms correlated highly with each other (0.93), and with the full PNT (0.93 and 0.98). This application provides T-score estimates for these short forms on the same scale as the other test versions. Change in naming ability can be assessed using the alternate form. Average administration time: similar to PNT-CAT30.

**PNT-CAT175: Full 175-item version in adaptive order (Fergadiotis et al., 2019):** This test provides administration of (up to) all 175 items in adaptive order, beginning with an item targeting average naming ability, and proceeding as described above for the PNT-CAT30. This test should be used when a more, or maximally precise score estimate is required relative to the PNT-CAT30. Users can stop this test at any point during administration. Provided that at least 30 items were administered, this test should have psychometric properties similar to or better than those reported for the PNT-CAT30. Average administration time: 20-40 minutes.

**PNT-175: Full 175-item version\* in standard administration order (Roach et al., 1996):**
This option provides administration of all 175 items in standard PNT administration order. Although this test can also be stopped at any point during administration and will provide a theoretically valid score estimate and standard error, this is not recommended because we have not collected evidence regarding the validity of short form score estimates obtained in this way.

\**The item 'eskimo' is excluded from all PNT-CAT administrations and excluded by default for the standard PNT administrations, although there is an option to include it for the full PNT. <a href="https://leader.pubs.asha.org/do/10.1044/leader.AE.26052021.26/full/" target="_blank">See here</a>*

<a href="https://aphasia-apps.github.io/pnt/articles/articles/PNT-Versions.html" target="_blank">More Information on the different test versions can be found here</a> 