**PNT-CAT30: 30-item Computer Adaptive Version (Fergadiotis et al., 2019):** This test adaptively administers 30 items, beginning with an item targeting average naming ability, excluding those delivered in a previous PNT-CAT30 (recommended). Items are selected to provide the maximum reduction in the standard error of measurement based on the cumulative responses collected. Score estimates from the PNT-CAT30 correlated 0.95 with scores from the full PNT and are suitable for estimating the overall severity of anomia in persons with aphasia. Average administration time: 8-9 Minutes. **Required upload: A previous PNT-CAT30.**

**PNT-CATVL: Variable-length Computer Adaptive Alternate Form (Hula et al., 2020):** This test adaptively administers items until the standard error of the score estimate is as precise as it was for a previously administered PNT-CAT30. It also excludes the items given in the previous PNT-CAT30 (required). Score estimates from the PNT-CATVL correlated 0.89 with independent estimates from the PNT-CAT30. Although the PNT-CATVL administers up to 100 items, the median number of items administered by Hula et al. (2020) was 43.5 and the minimum number was 21. Average administration time: 9-10 minutes. **Required upload: A previous PNT-CAT30.**

**PNT-30A, PNT-30B: 30-item static short forms A & B (Walker & Schwartz, 2012):** These are two static 30-item PNT short forms with non-overlapping items. For a second assessment, the alternative form should be chosen. The two short forms correlated highly with each other (0.93), and with the full PNT (0.93 and 0.98). This application provides T-score estimates for these short forms on the same scale as the other test versions. Average administration time: similar to PNT-CAT30. **Required upload: A previous PNT-30A or PNT-30B.**

**PNT-175: Full 175-item version\* in standard administration order (Roach et al., 1996):**
This option provides administration of all 175 items in standard PNT administration order. Although this test can also be stopped at any point during administration and will provide a theoretically valid score estimate and standard error, this is not recommended because we have not collected evidence regarding the validity of short form score estimates obtained in this way. **Required upload: A Previous PNT-175.**

\**The item 'eskimo' is excluded from all PNT-CAT administrations and excluded by default for the standard PNT administrations, although there is an option to include it for the full PNT. <a href="https://leader.pubs.asha.org/do/10.1044/leader.AE.26052021.26/full/" target="_blank">See here</a>*

<a href="https://aphasia-apps.github.io/pnt/articles/articles/PNT-Versions.html" target="_blank">More Information on the different test versions can be found here</a> 
